Modify S1871: Improve codes examples (#3989)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1871/csharp/exceptions.adoc

}
else if (a >= 20 && a < 50)    //no issue, usually this is done on purpose to increase the readability
{
  DoTheThing();
}
----

> But this exception does not apply to `if` chains without `else`-s, or to `switch`-es without default clauses when all branches have the same single line of code. In the case of `if` chains with `else`-s, or of `switch`-es with default clauses, rule S3923 raises a bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this exception does not apply to `if` chains without an `else` statement or to a `switch` statement without a `default` clause.
```
